Disambiguate the word "active". (#824)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/running-workflows/workflow-completion.rst

Workflow Completion
===================

A workflow can :term:`shut down <shutdown>` once all
:term:`active tasks <active task>` complete without spawning further
downstream activity - i.e., when :term:`n=0 window <n-window>` empties out.

.. _scheduler stall:

Scheduler Stall
===============

> If there are no tasks waiting on as yet unsatisfied external constraints
> such clock and xtriggers, and all activity has ceased but workflow has
> not :ref:`run to completion <workflow completion>`, then it
> has stalled and requires manual intervention to continue.

Reviewer: Hemmingway editor gives this a reading age of "Post-graduate". This suggestion is US grade 7 (13-14 YO).

```suggestion
A workflow has stalled if:

* No tasks are waiting on unstatisfied external events, like clock triggers and xtriggers.
* AND All activity has ceased.
* AND The workflow has not run to completion.

A workflow which has stalled requires manual intervention to continue.
```

Stalls are caused by :term:`final status incomplete tasks <output completion>`
and :term:`partially satisfied tasks <prerequisite>`.

These most often result from task failures that the workflow does not
handle automatically by retries or optional branching.

A stalled scheduler stays alive for a configurable timeout period
to allow you to intervene, e.g. by manually triggering an incomplete
task after fixing the bug that caused it to fail.

If a stalled workflow does eventually shut down, on the stall timeout

> or by stop command, it will immediately stall again on restart.

Reviewer: Worth saying that you can get around this by using `cylc play --pause`?

Author: No, that's what we used to have to do (pause, because it would shutdown immediately instead of going to the stalled state as it does now).

Author: I'll add "to await manual intervention" at the end of the sentence.

.. warning::

>    At present you have to look at the :term:`scheduler log` to see

Reviewer: [picky] At present suggests that this might be different in the past or future. Why not just go for

> Look in the scheduler log to see which tasks caused a stall.

Author: I think the reasoning there is to suggest that information will be exposed in the UIs in the future.  However, I agree, best to just document that current situation, generally. So I'll take your suggestion.
